short and sweet – seating is great:it's romantic,cozy and private.
This quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my Manhattan restaurant list.
The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious, if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini.
THIS STAFF SHOULD BE FIRED.
The menu looked great, and the waiter was very nice, but when the food came, it was average.
The tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent.
The whole set up is truly unprofessional and I wish Cafe Noir would get some good staff, because despite the current one this is a great place.
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.
This place has the best Chinese style BBQ ribs in the city.
Great place to relax and enjoy your dinner
The bread we received was horrible - rock hard and cold - and the "free" appetizer of olives was disappointing.
We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods.
Always good drinks and service is pretty good;
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough (both in quantity AND quality).
We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful.
Ambience is so cute and quaint, good for business although we were there on vacation.
But the best part about LS is the late night atmosphere, delightfully free of the BTs.
The dessert (we had a pear torte) was good - but, once again, the staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions.
The pesto pizza was excellent, thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I'd never heard of before.
I had fish and my husband had the filet - both of which exceeded our expectations.
My quesadilla tasted like it had been made by a three-year old with no sense of proportion or flavor.
This place is incredibly tiny.
I found the food to be outstanding, particulary the salmon dish I had.
Service was prompt and courteous.
delicious bagels, especially when right out of the oven.
I have never left a restaurant feeling as if i was abused, and wasted my hard earned money.
My husband said he could've eaten several more, the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had.
I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee (rice porridge).
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.
This is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood.
The ambience was so fun, and the prices were great, on top of the fact that the food was really tasty.
I was there for brunch recently, and we were tag teamed by a waitress and a waiter.
The svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group, but overall the restaurant is a must!
Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood.
Good drink.
It's boring on the inside, and our sushi was pretty below average... the tuna was soggy and the other rolls had no flavor.
This place is worth an one-hour drive.
We did arrive late for our reservation so I can not complain too much about the wait for a table.
Best Indian Restaurant in the City
I like the somosas, chai, and the chole, but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing.
The food was ok and fair nothing to go crazy.
overpriced japanese food with mediocre service
I take all my NYC guests to VT's.
The mussles were the fishiest things I've ever tasted, the seabass was bland, the goat cheese salad was missing the goat cheese, the penne w/ chicken had bones in it... It was disgusting.
even the wine by the glass was good.
not sure why this restaurant would be rated that highly.
Great food, great prices, great service.
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that.
If you want good authentic Thai this place is not the place to go.
The food tasted very good.
I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever.
Calling the place Hampton Chutney Co. does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance, but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too.
The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes.
I was speechless by the horrible food.
and yes Dal Bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs.
Service here was great, food was fantastic.
The pizza was great.
Raga's is a romantic, cozy restaurant.
All in all, the food was great (except for the dessserts).
I have to highly recommend the lobster roll - not to much mayo; you can tell it was a fresh lobster.
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu, present your meal, and attend to your needs.
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices.
The anti-pasta was excellent, especially the calamari, as were the filling pasta mains.
Other guests enjoyed pizza, santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips.
When you're sitting in their main dining room (which has a spectacular, hand-painted high ceiling) you'd never know there was a world outside.
Excellent dumplings served amid clean, chic decor.
We ate out in the back patio, which is worth it as it's cool and the music is hear well there.
Interesting selection, good wines, service fine, fun decor.
The signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese.
The large selection of bruschettas, paninis, tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating.
Great wine selection, Gigondas is worth the price, and the house champagne is a great value.
Great friendly service, Fast seating, Fast Delivery, Excellent sushi.
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice.
The food is wonderful, tasty and filling, and the service is professional and friendly.
Excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.
Not a great place for family or general dining.
It's a great place to order from or sit-in.
Each time we've been, the front of house staff (not the waiters - they're fantastic - but the people who greet and seat you) has been so hideous to us that were it not for the exceptional fish dishes I would never return. 
Great Hot Dogs!
The drinks are great, especially when made by Raymond.
Great service, great food.
I had never had Edamame pureed before but I thought it was innovative and tasty (could've used a bit more salt).
Food took some time to prepare, all worth waiting for.
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent.
Ask for Usha, the nicest bartender in manhattan.
She was very helpful in suggesting us drinks and helped us in ordering a lot of good dishes since we knew nothing about Indian food.
I was shocked that my friends wanted to stay after the waitress said, "can I help you" and "how many are in your party."
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors.
They have it all -- great price, food, and service.
I attended a holiday dinner at the restaurant, and the food was majorly disappointing.
At this point, the waitress comes over and asks us if everything was okay, I was literally so shocked that I was speechless and didn't say anything, and guess what, the waitress WALKED away.
the crust was imazingly cooked well and pizza was fully loaded:):):)
The rolls are creative and I have yet to find another sushi place that serves up more inventive yet delicious japanese food.
Even if the food wasn't this good, the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax.
The high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.
The food is good, especially their more basic dishes, and the drinks are delicious.
I expected quite a bit more from such an expensive menu.
We also asked for Hooka six times and the waiter kept telling us one minute and never returning with the Hooka.
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday, and I was thoroughly impressed with the food.
But the best pork souvlaki I ever had is the main thing.
fresh restaurant was amazing........ food was delicious and of course fresh.
Possibly the Most Romantic Restaurant in the City
The duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world.
An awesome organic dog, and a conscious eco friendly establishment.
Food was very good, but not what I would consider out of this world.
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was.
The restaurant has a Family feel, not least with regard to the portions which are enormous; the veal alone could have single-handedly solved third world famine.
After dinner the manager grabbed my boyfriend, asked him: Where are you from...maybe you dont know how things work in America...and in the end stormed away almost teareyed yelling that tips are the only thing they survive on.
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out.
I recommend the jelly fish, drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings, certainly the stir fry blue crab.
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I've had at this price range.
The people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in New York sometimes.
Great food, great decor, great service.
Service- friendly and attentive.
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.
The staff was accomodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.
Leon is an East Village gem: casual but hip, with well prepared basic French bistro fare, good specials, a warm and lively atmosphere.
Great food, amazing service, this place is a class act.
The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny.
This place is a must visit!
Enjoyed a very nice Caesar Salad while my wife had arugula and goat cheese....both very tasty.
If the weather is nice, try to snag an outside table.
We were drawn into the belly dancing show that captivated the crowd.
The place was nice and calm.
Watch the talented belly dancers as you enjoy delicious baba ganoush that's more lemony than smoky.
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza.
This place has ruined me for neighborhood sushi.
Great bagels made the old-fashioned way.
Ambience is delightful, service impeccable.
I've had my fair share of modern Japanese and this spot delivers.
$20 for all you can eat sushi cannot be beaten.
Chicken teriyaki had tomato or pimentos on top??
Wine list is extensive without being over-priced.
Most importantly, food is excellent.
The wine list is also really nice.
This place is so much fun.
This guy refused to seat her and she left, followed shortly by the four of us, but not before I told him that in my 40 years of world travel, including Paris, that I had never seen such a display of bad behavior by a frontman in a restaurant.
I literally just got back home after visiting Casa La Femme and was so offended by my visit felt it necessary to try and warn other diners who value their money and time.
The sake’s complimented the courses very well and is successfully easing me into the sake world.
Excellent sashimi, and the millennium roll is beyond delicious.
The rest of the dim sum, though pricey by Chinatown standards, is worth it.
Great atmoshere and worth every bit.
This establishment is the real deal. 
The restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
The food is wonderful, tasty and filling, and the service is professional and friendly.
The food is amazing, rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza.
Delivery can be spot on or lacking depending on the weather and the day of the week.
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh, a delicious and sweet tasting bread.
But the staff was so horrible to us.
Yes, the place is classy and beautiful, but they most certainly target the uber whealthy Not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while.
There was a small wait, but shorter than I expected.
And it all comes at a very reasonable price (congee, noodles, and rice dishes are no more than $3-6 each).
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance.
Service was wonderful;
Not what I would expect for the price and prestige of this location.
The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation, so a casual lunch here would probably be best.
Leon is an East Village gem: casual but hip, with well prepared basic French bistro fare, good specials, a warm and lively atmosphere.
great food, great wine list, great service in a great neighborhood...
The only fallback on this restaurant is the prices.
The food was excellent as well as service, however, I left The Four Seasons very dissappointed.
Good creative rolls!
Reliable, Fresh Sushi
Interesting selection, good wines, service fine, fun decor.
A restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.
The pizza was pretty good and huge.
The waitress was not attentive at all.
Good food.
This place...god where do i begin.
The lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with Scallops and Shrimp is great.
The place was quiet and delightful.
The food is good, I can't lie.
The decor is night tho...but they REALLY need to clean that vent in the ceiling...its quite un-appetizing, and kills your effort to make this place look sleek and modern.
The waitress came to check in on us every few minutes, and began to clear the plates while half of us were still eating (a big pet peeve of mine that happens almost everywhere, so I try to ignore it).
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC.
i love their chicken pasta cant remember the name but is sooo good
The space kind of feels like an Alice in Wonderland setting, without it trying to be that.
Too bad the food wasn't of the same heritage.
Overall, decent food at a good price, with friendly people.
The atmosphere is unheralded, the service impecible, and the food magnificant.
The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent.
This is a nice pizza place with good selection of thin crust pizza including the Basil slice.
The service is good and the resturant is clean.
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.
Great Indian food
This is one of my favorite spot, very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .
Great Indian food and the service is incredible.
It’s just you and your date and an occasional cute ‘excuse me’ before the waiter opens the little curtain to your booth!
Although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.
Always good drinks and service is pretty good;
The place is a BISTRO which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.
I have reservations about the all you can eat deal, however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $18 by just going off the menu.
I would highly recommend this place!
This place, which is only a few months old, is perhaps Queens' biggest secret!
Great wine selection, Gigondas is worth the price, and the house champagne is a great value.
The Four Seasons has history and it is a sort of landmark of New York City restaurants, but trust me, they will charge you through the nose just so that you can say "I've been to the four seasons restaurant".
The Cypriot restaurant has a lot going for it.
The waitress, seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing.
Good spreads, great beverage selections and bagels really tasty.
Try green curry with vegetables.
The signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese.
The martinis are amazing and very fairly priced.
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor.
I don’t usually visit the same establishment more than once, what more twice, but I’ll come to Zenkichi anytime for a quiet, unhurried and memorable dinner.
The food is amazing, rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza.
Someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that.
I did not try the caviar but I tried their salmon and crab salad (they are all good)  
Average to good Thai food, but terrible delivery.
The dinner was ok, nothing I would have again.
The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines.
the salads are delicious, both refreshing and very spicy.
I love this place
The wine the service was very good too.
The pesto pizza was excellent, thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I'd never heard of before.
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.
The pasta penne was pretty extra buttery, creamy which means a big task to diggest.. tasty at first but i would say that i was full with a slice of pizza and 7 to count, penne...got a little moody afterwards cause was stuffed...lol
As a retired hipster, I can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year Lucky Strike has been the best laid-back late night in the city.
The food was exceptional.
For desserts, we tried the frozen black sesame mousse (interesting but not extraordinary) and matcha (powdered green tea) and blueberry cheesecake, which was phenomenal.
Cute place, nice wait staff but would never go there again.
Not only is the cuisine the best around, the service has always been attentive and charming.
The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate.
Everything is always cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, the decor cool and understated.
The space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour, but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food.
The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal.
With the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering, the food here was decent, not great.
Great bagels made the old-fashioned way.
The sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned.
I completely recommend Casa La Femme for any special occasion and to REALLY impress your date.
Cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most.
This place has great indian chinese food.
The Yellowtail was particularly good as well.
We took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it.
Best meal in a long time!
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere.
A great place to meet up for some food and drinks...  
The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee!!
They have it all -- great price, food, and service.
The service leaves much to be desired, from feeling like you are rushed the place your order, to being ignored the rest of the night.
lobster was good, nothing spectacular.
What you are paying for is the environment and the name.
Thank you everyone at Water's Edge.
I picked the Grilled Black Cod as my entree, which I absolutely devoured while someone commented that the Grilled Salmon dish was better.
Good spreads, great beverage selections and bagels really tasty.
This is the BEST Shabu-Shabu Restaurant in the Try-State Area.
Try the Pad Thai, it's fabulous and their prices are so cheap!
I like the ambience, it's very dark and original.
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.
This place is not inviting and the food is totally weird.
I've also been amazed at all the new additions in the past few years: A new Jazz Bar, the most fantastic Dining Garden, the Best Thin Crust Pizzas, and now a Lasagna Menu which is to die for (these are not your average lasagnas)!
I go and eat out at many different restaurants and this is one place you have go and try.
You can get a completely delish martini in a glass (that's about 2 1/2 drinks) for $8.50 (I recommend the Vanilla Shanty, mmmm!) in a great homey setting with great music.
I have reservations about the all you can eat deal, however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $18 by just going off the menu.
You should pass on the calamari.
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona, the cheeseburger huge and delictable, and the service professional wan warm.
The food was absolutely amazing!!
Cute place, nice wait staff but would never go there again.
All in all, I would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but I hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future.
Subtle food and service
Wine list is extensive without being over-priced.
The bagel was huge.
The seafood is amazing, there's a good wine list, and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises.
Service is top notch.
Everytime I decide to try another place on the UES, I get angry that I didn't just go to Zucchero Pomodori.
The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful.
The staff is incredibly helpful and attentive.
The food options rule.
I've been to at Cafe Spice probably 5-8 times, it is probably still the best Indian restaurant around Union Square.
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you'll love it here.
my favorite place lol
It's all about the food !!
Fabulous food - if the front of house staff don't put you off – 
Went here last night - nice decor, good service, but the food was surprisingly excellent.
The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual.
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great.
I do not think dinner in Manhattan should cost $400.00 where I am not swept off my feet.
Immediately after we paid, the waiter took the money and said, okay, you guys are outta here.
amazing fresh dogs but best of all endless toppings!!!
Average to good Thai food, but terrible delivery.
Rather than preparing vegetarian dish, the chef presented me with a plate of steamed vegetables (minus sauce, seasoning, or any form or aesthetic presentation).
Yes, they use fancy ingredients, but even fancy ingredients don't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right.
Its location is good and the fact that Hutner College is near and their prices are very reasonable, makes students go back to Suan again and again.
Even though the place is not beautiful, the food speaks for itself.
A quintessential slice of NYC pizza.
He served me an Uni Hand roll, which I never had before, and let me tell you...IT WAS HEAVEN!
Stepping into Casa La Femme last night was a true experience unlike any other in New York!
Maybe it was the great company (I had friends visiting from Philly – yes, it was not a date this time) or the super reasonable price point, but I just can’t say enough good things about this brasserie.
I've enjoyed 99% of the dishes we've ordered with the only exceptions being the occasional too-authentic-for-me dish (I'm a daring eater but not THAT daring).
Friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you're with.
Mussles and calamari were superb Saturday evening.
Service was very good - prompt, attentive and non-intrusive.
The Seafood Dynamite is also otherworldly.
Their calzones are horrific, bad, vomit-inducing, YUCK.
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.
The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices.
The wait here is long for dim sum, but if you don't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig, this is a sleek (for Chinatown) alternative.
I never write on these sites but this restaurant is def worth commending!
People are always friendly.
Very immature bartender, didnt know how to make specific drinks, service was so slowwwww, the food was not fresh or warm, waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and werent very attentive to all the customers.
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy, service was great and the food was excellent!
Planet Thai is great!
I had never had Edamame pureed before but I thought it was innovative and tasty (could've used a bit more salt).
Fabulous decor - makes you feel like you're in a trendy Manhattan restaurant, very very good food, cheaply-priced, generally friendly staff, and if you're a Manhattanite, or spend most of your time in Manhattan, Rice Avenue will make you feel at home.....very Soho/Village/Upper West Side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele.....all on Roosevelt Avenue!
My mom originally introduced me to this place, but even she (being Indian) feels the food can be somewhat over the top spicy and far too oily.
The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall, which are great for a date.
The portions are HUGE, so it might be good to order three things to split (rather than one appetizer and entree per person) for two people.
The place's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh.
this place had ALL the trimmings and i mean all.
Noodle pudding is exactly the type of service and food I enjoy.
Service was slow, but the people were friendly.
Took my mom for Mother's Day, and the maitre d' was pretty rude.
Not only is it an adventure getting to this somewhat hidden spot, once you enter the unmarked wooden doors, the zen and intimate décor will make you feel like you’re no longer in the city.
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona, the cheeseburger huge and delictable, and the service professional wan warm.
Fabulous decor - makes you feel like you're in a trendy Manhattan restaurant, very very good food, cheaply-priced, generally friendly staff, and if you're a Manhattanite, or spend most of your time in Manhattan, Rice Avenue will make you feel at home.....very Soho/Village/Upper West Side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele.....all on Roosevelt Avenue!
This is such a lovely, peaceful place to eat outside.
The service was attentive.
I found the food, service and value exceptional everytime I have been there.
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo.
Everyone seemed generally happy with their food, except my brother who had the grilled Mahi Mahi, seemingly drenched in Grapfruit Juice! 
I would not expect this for a $55 dinner.
Can’t believe how an expensive NYC restaurant can be so disrespectful to its clients.
The staff has been nice, but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often.
Try sushimi cucumber roll.
The atmosphere isn't the greatest , but I suppose that's how they keep the prices down .
Price is high but the food is good, so I would come back again.
This place is a great bargain.
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was.
I read reviews that called the restaurant too expensive and I thought to myself, but may be it is worth it.
However, our $14 drinks were were horrible!
Mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else.
Good creative rolls!
I literally just got back home after visiting Casa La Femme and was so offended by my visit felt it necessary to try and warn other diners who value their money and time.
We asked for sides which the waiter than admitted that he forgot to put in that part of our order.
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous.
Everything is always cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, the decor cool and understated.
I like the somosas, chai, and the chole, but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing.
The staff has been nice, but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often.
The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny.
bad staff
Fabulous decor - makes you feel like you're in a trendy Manhattan restaurant, very very good food, cheaply-priced, generally friendly staff, and if you're a Manhattanite, or spend most of your time in Manhattan, Rice Avenue will make you feel at home.....very Soho/Village/Upper West Side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele.....all on Roosevelt Avenue!
Other guests enjoyed pizza, santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips.
The waiter was attentive, the food was delicious and the views of the city were great.
i love margherita pizza – i looove east village pizza
One would think we'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead, we got a snobby waiter wouldn't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so.
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice.
Cool atmosphere, the fire place in the back really ads to it but needs a bit more heat throughout on a cold night.
Personally I like the margherita pizza better, but they are all good.
Helpful service and average price per dish $10.
There is no way it justifies the accolades it receives, the attitude of the staff or the wait for a table.
Service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!
Looking around, I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant, not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen.
The place's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh.
You must try the shrimp appetizers.
Taxan delicious!
Great survice
This is a nice pizza place with good selection of thin crust pizza including the Basil slice.
Although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.
But if you're prepared to spend some $ and remember to ask if something they offer is complimentary, then this is the place to go for Indian food
They are extremely rude, not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $500 for some drinks adn their pita bread!
I thought the restaurant was nice and clean.
Try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll.
I am reluctant to write because I would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded.
Best restaurant in Brooklyn
I found the food, service and value exceptional everytime I have been there.
Two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu.
it's a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food.
Seriously, this place kicks ass.
I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere!
It was the first place we ate on our first trip to New York, and it will be the last place we stop as we head out of town on our next trip to New York.
The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches.
Small servings for main entree, i had salmon (wasnt impressed) girlfriend had chicken, it was good.
I absolutely Loved this place.
I have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price (just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $25), which I would expect at a upscale Indian restaurant but this place doesn't have an upscale feel.
The food was well prepared and the service impecable.
I recieved prompt service with a smile.
I really recommend the very simple Unda (Egg) rolls.
Wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top.
The ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.
This place is not worth the prices.
When my dessert came, there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift, and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort.
The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale.
This tiny Williamsburg spot is always pleasantly surprising.
A gentleman, maybe the manager, came to our table, and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order.
And the Tom Kha soup was pathetic.
This is undoubtedly my favorite modern Japanese brasserie (that don’t serve sushi), and in my opinion, one of the most romantic restaurants in the city!
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food.
The atmosphere was pretty nice but had a bit lacking, which it tries to make up for with a crazy scheme of mirrors.
And $11 for a plate of bland guacamole?
the pad se ew chicken was delicious, however the pad thai was far too oily.
My girlfriend, being slightly more aggressive, and having been equally disgusted causing her to throw out the remainder of her barely eaten meal, called back only to be informed that I was probably wrong and that it was most likely an oyster, and that we were also blacklisted from their restaurant.
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.
With so many good restaurants on the UWS, I don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.
Great vibe, lots of people.
Even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.
Noodle pudding is exactly the type of service and food I enjoy.
sometimes i get good food and ok service.
Pizza was a little soggy.
amazing fresh dogs but best of all endless toppings!!!
My roommate and I LOVE this place.
The food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach.
bottles of wine are cheap and good.
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed.
This is where it really really gets bad: the manager said, there is absolutely nothing we can do, it's a matter of taste that she didn't like it, and I cannot comp it.
Yes, the place is classy and beautiful, but they most certainly target the uber whealthy Not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while.
I LOOOVE their eggplant pizza, as well as their pastas!
The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes.
Great food.
I cannot imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant.
With so many good restaurants on the UWS, I don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.
Poor service and management
I absolutely love this place!!!
Just go to Yamato and order the Red Dragon Roll.
great food
Single Worst Restaurant in Manhattan
Interesting selection, good wines, service fine, fun decor.
I started out with a Bombay beer which was big enough for two.
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon, Sea Bass and Crispy Duck.
I noticed alot of indian people eatting there which is a great sign for an indian place!
Truly the mark of an attentive waiter.
Moules were excellent, lobster ravioli was VERY salty!
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees.
We concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake, both were delicious.
The meat is fresh, the sauces are great, you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too.
If you are looking for a good quality, cheap eats - this is the place.
The combination of super-fresh ingredients in the dishes are unusual but really delicious.
Great food, amazing service, this place is a class act.
The appetizers are also delicious!
the pad se ew chicken was delicious, however the pad thai was far too oily.
By far, the best pizza in Manhattan.
I've enjoyed 99% of the dishes we've ordered with the only exceptions being the occasional too-authentic-for-me dish (I'm a daring eater but not THAT daring).
You can get a completely delish martini in a glass (that's about 2 1/2 drinks) for $8.50 (I recommend the Vanilla Shanty, mmmm!) in a great homey setting with great music.
The crust is thin, the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly.
Best Reuben sandwich ever!
The service was excellent - friendly and attentive.
We won't go to this place again for a good meal.
The food was good too.
Fantastic place.
I have tried to make reservations, but both times, the hostess didn't have my name.
We had a great time at the Jekyll and hyde Pub last night.
Their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic.
I read reviews that called the restaurant too expensive and I thought to myself, but may be it is worth it.
The frizzy retro girl (with winged/ Dame Edna glasses) will yell at you if you try to order a drink. 
The real problem I had with this place was the complete lack of service.
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it.
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon, Sea Bass and Crispy Duck.
I asked for a menu and the same waitress looked at my like I was insane.
I recommend the jelly fish, drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings, certainly the stir fry blue crab.
The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome, great appetizer to share!
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough (both in quantity AND quality).
Good food: my favorite is the seafood spaghetti.
If you go, try the marinara/arrabiatta sauce, the mozzarella en Carozza is mmmmmmmm..... everything is just delicious.
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.
The staff has been nice, but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often.
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives.
Wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top.
Chow fun was dry; pork shu mai was more than usually greasy and had to share a table with loud and rude family. 
Authentic Pakistani food.
The manager finally said he would comp the two glasses of wine (which cost less than the food), and made it seem like a big concession.
Ambience is delightful, service impeccable.
The bibimbap was average, but the stone bowl wasn't even close to sizzling.
The food was actually aweful.
The food was good, the place was clean and affordable.
Place is open till late, no dress code.
The food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions.
The blond wood decor is very soothing, the premium sake is excellent and the service is great.
I really loved the different and inovated touch that's the cheff gives to the food.
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap, frozen, shredded cheese common to most pizzaria's.
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.
Highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night I had!
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food.
whoever the jazz duo was, they were on POINT.
Best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast.
The Four Seasons has history and it is a sort of landmark of New York City restaurants, but trust me, they will charge you through the nose just so that you can say "I've been to the four seasons restaurant".
I was very disappointed with this restaurant.
I must say I am surprised by the bad reviews of the restaurant earlier in the year, though.
A large is $20, and toppings are about $3 each.
The atmosphere is nothing special, but it feels like a Sushi establishment in Tokyo.
stick with the chicken, beef, and lamb dishes.
The lox is always fresh too.
Over all it was a very nice romantic place .
They have a delicious banana chocolate dessert, as well as a great green tea tempura.
Best Indian Chinese in the city, by far!
fine dining restaurant quality.
For a restaurant with such a good reputation and that is usually so packed, there was no reason for such a lack of intelligent customer service.
The owner truly caters to all your needs.
The space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour, but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food.
My quesadilla tasted like it had been made by a three-year old with no sense of proportion or flavor.
Thanks Bloom's for a lovely trip.
Eating in, the atmosphere saves it, but at your desk, it's a very disappointing experience.
This place is great.
The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee!!
Beef noodle soup is good as well.
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic.
The fish was adequate, but inexpertly sliced.
Gorgeous place ideal for a romantic dinner
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.
Great food, great prices, great service.
Nice view of river and NYC.
I've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious.
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona, the cheeseburger huge and delictable, and the service professional wan warm.
Shame on this place for the horrible rude staff and non-existent customer service.
Quite frankly, this is some of the worst sushi I have ever tried.
A restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.
The service varys from day to day- sometimes they're very nice, and sometimes not.
This is a great place to take out-of-towners, and perfect for watching the sunset.
Very immature bartender, didnt know how to make specific drinks, service was so slowwwww, the food was not fresh or warm, waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and werent very attentive to all the customers.
The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive.
I don’t usually visit the same establishment more than once, what more twice, but I’ll come to Zenkichi anytime for a quiet, unhurried and memorable dinner.
First of all Dal Bukhara Rocks.
Guacamole+shrimp appetizer was really great, we both had the filet, very good, didn't much like the frites that came with, but the filet was so good, neither of us cared.
The dessert (we had a pear torte) was good - but, once again, the staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions.
Highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night I had!
The dishes offered were unique, very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages, sardines with biscuits, large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream (the best and freshest I've ever had).
Love their drink menu.
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless, so was the seafood tagliatelle.
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing.
Dokebi gives Williamsburg the right one-two punch of classic Korean food and fusion twists like pork belly tacos.
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza.
The decor is night tho...but they REALLY need to clean that vent in the ceiling...its quite un-appetizing, and kills your effort to make this place look sleek and modern.
Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi, which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
Hats off to the chef.
I have never been so disgusted by both food an service.
Ambiance- relaxed and stylish.
The manager came to the table and said we can do what we want, so we paid for what we did enjoy, the drinks and appetizers, and walked out.
Get the tuna of gari.
The service is good and the resturant is clean.
Great Indian Food!
Excellent dumplings served amid clean, chic decor.
They have great rolls, the triple color and norwegetan rolls, are awesome and filling.
The place has a nice fit-out, some attractive furnishings and, from what I could tell, a reasonable wine list (I was given the food menu when I asked for the carte des vins)
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.
There is a downside if you're ordering in -- the delivery guys have MAJOR attitude.
The place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening.
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that  I could barely eat it, and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish.
go here for the drinks!
Super YUMMY Pizza!
Love Al Di La
The food is yummy, especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries.
A few tips: skip the turnip cake, roast pork buns and egg custards.
Just straight up cheap, good food.
Food is excellent.
The food was good.
Simply some good tasting Chinese food at incredible prices...
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best, freshly baked bread!
With the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering, the food here was decent, not great.
Downtown Dinner 2002 - Prixe fix: Appetizers were ok, waiter gave me poor suggestion..try the potato stuff kanish best one.
The food is yummy, especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries.
A cool bar with great food, and tons of excellent beer.
The wine the service was very good too.
While their kitchen food is delicious, their Sushi is out of this world.
It's a rather cramped and busy restaurant and it closes early.
food was luke warm.
It's a rather cramped and busy restaurant and it closes early.
We love the food, drinks, and atmosphere!
Fabulous decor - makes you feel like you're in a trendy Manhattan restaurant, very very good food, cheaply-priced, generally friendly staff, and if you're a Manhattanite, or spend most of your time in Manhattan, Rice Avenue will make you feel at home.....very Soho/Village/Upper West Side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele.....all on Roosevelt Avenue!
I'd be horrified if my staff were turning away customers so early and so rudely!
I go out to eat and like my courses, servers are patient and never rush courses or force another drink.
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.
However, our main course was wonderful.
The food here is rather good, but only if you like to wait for it.
It was served with skin, over a bed of extremely undercooked spinach and mashed potatoes.
I thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others.
By the time we left our wallets were empy and so were our stomachs AND we missed the show we were supposed to see following our dinner, which would have been acceptable if we got to enjoy the experience of good food and belly dancers!
great food, great wine list, great service in a great neighborhood...
We waited at the bar and had martinis that were just right.
We were greeted promptly by the waiter who was very nice and cordial.
I highly recommend the fish tacos, everything else was ok.
Everyone seemed generally happy with their food, except my brother who had the grilled Mahi Mahi, seemingly drenched in Grapfruit Juice! 
You cannot go wrong at the Red Eye Grill.
Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey.
The have a great cocktail with Citrus Vodka and lemon and lime juice and mint leaves that is to die for!
Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $10.
We have been to this place many times, and always have great food, wine, and service.
The food is all shared so we get to order together and eat together.
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous.
Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you.
I generally like this place.
The food now is inconsistent.
The pastas are incredible, the risottos (particularly the sepia) are fantastic and the braised rabbit is amazing.
THe back garden sitting area is very pleasant, where you can see their personal herb garden.
The meat is fresh, the sauces are great, you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too.
great toppings definitely a place you need to check out for late night munchies or a mid day boost!
The staff is very good.
The food is wonderful, tasty and filling, and the service is professional and friendly.
As a Japanese native, I've lived in the Tristate area for over 8 years, but I was just so amazed at this place.
We love the food, drinks, and atmosphere!
The food is flavorful, plentiful and reasonably priced.
The soup for the udon was soy sauce and water.
The service was excellent and the food was delicious.
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks!
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.
The sashimi is always fresh and the rolls are innovative and delicious.
(Always ask the bartender for the SEASONAL beer!!!
i've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine, if not good.
NO PIZZA 33 for me!
The atmosphere is unheralded, the service impecible, and the food magnificant.
We have gone for dinner only a few times but the same great quality and service is given.
Nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.
great hot dogs..
Servers are all different, Greg is my favorite.
The view is breathtaking the service is top notch... the ambiance is wonderfull.
Tiny dessert was $8.00...just plain overpriced for what it is.
At first glance this place seems a bit pricey for a hot dog joint, but at Bark you don't just get your average hot dog.
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service.
The environment is very upscale and you will see a lot of rich guys with trophy wives or just highly paid escorts.
The manager was rude and handled the situation extremely poorly.
The only thing more wonderful than the food (which is exceptional) is the service.
The food was average to above-average; the French Onion soup filling yet not overly impressive, and the desserts not brilliant in any way.
This is a nice pizza place with good selection of thin crust pizza including the Basil slice.
The entree was bland and small, dessert was not inspired.
The service was extremely fast and attentive(thanks to the service button on your table) but I barely understood 1 word when the waiter took our order.
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff, I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it.
The sauce tasted more like Chinese fast food than decent Korean.
Authentic Taiwanese food that's cheap... what more could you ask for?
The nakgi-bokum was horrible.
The waiter delivered our food while holding what appeared to be a plastic bag of garbage in one hand.
Food is usually very good, though ocasionally I wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders.
Great friendly service, Fast seating, Fast Delivery, Excellent sushi.
Sauce was watery and the food didn't have much flavor.
(The asparagus, truffle oil, parmesan bruschetta is a winner!)
The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate.
There was no tap beer that evening, which was a disappointment. 
The service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.
Rather than preparing vegetarian dish, the chef presented me with a plate of steamed vegetables (minus sauce, seasoning, or any form or aesthetic presentation).
Love the scene first off- the place has a character and nice light to it..very fortunate, location wise.
In the evening, this place attracted a well dressed, with it, NY crowd.
Mistakes happen, but they are usually accompanied by an apology, perhaps even a glass of wine...but not the grunt that we received from the Al Di La staff.
The service was spectacular as the waiter knew everything about the menu and his recommendations were amazing!
And it all comes at a very reasonable price (congee, noodles, and rice dishes are no more than $3-6 each).
The anti-pasta was excellent, especially the calamari, as were the filling pasta mains.
Wish NY had more of these kind of places: intimate, superb food, homey, top notch all the way around, certainly worth the wait.
This is undoubtedly my favorite modern Japanese brasserie (that don’t serve sushi), and in my opinion, one of the most romantic restaurants in the city!
the food is always fresh ...
The hot dogs are good, yes, but the reason to get over here is the fantastic pork croquette sandwich, perfect on its supermarket squishy bun.
Great food and the prices are very reasonable.
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu, present your meal, and attend to your needs.
They have great rolls, the triple color and norwegetan rolls, are awesome and filling.
Decent wine at reasonable prices.
This place is not worth the prices.
It wasn't as if this restaurant had any major bragging points before hand, but now it's simply repulsive.
Pacifico is a great place to casually hang out.
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.
Despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go-to for modern Japanese food for the foreseeable future.
This place has totally weird decor, stairs going up with mirrored walls - I am surprised how no one yet broke their head or fall off the stairs - mirrored walls make you dizzy and delusional...
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals.
La Rosa waltzes in, and I think they are doing it the best.
The food is very good, but not outstanding.
I've also been amazed at all the new additions in the past few years: A new Jazz Bar, the most fantastic Dining Garden, the Best Thin Crust Pizzas, and now a Lasagna Menu which is to die for (these are not your average lasagnas)!
Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff.
Problem is nothing at Prune is particularly memorable.
The location is perfect.
The meat is fresh, the sauces are great, you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too.
No gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation.
The decor is night tho...but they REALLY need to clean that vent in the ceiling...its quite un-appetizing, and kills your effort to make this place look sleek and modern.
Service here was great, food was fantastic.
Even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.
Decor is charming.
skip dessert.
But the service is HORRID!
Excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.
Food was OK.
In an area sadly lacking in decent Thai food, this is one of the best spots.
Love this place, every time we are in the city this is one of the places we always go.
What really makes it shine is the food, which is aggressively seasoned with Cyrpriot spices, and all made in-house (even the gyro meat and sausages), and made of much higher quality ingredients that might otherwise be expected.
The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines.
oh speaking of bathroom , the mens bathroom was disgusting.
Guacamole+shrimp appetizer was really great, we both had the filet, very good, didn't much like the frites that came with, but the filet was so good, neither of us cared.
The bar drinks were Eh, ok to say the least.
Everyone raved about the atmosphere (elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views) and the fabulous food!
I think I've had some the best meals of my life at minnow.
The side dishes were passable, and I did get a refill upon request.
Indo Chinese food, pretty good...
With so many good restaurants on the UWS, I don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.
All the various Greek and Cypriot dishes are excellent, but the gyro is the reason to come--if you don't eat one your trip was wasted.
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals.
Not only is it an adventure getting to this somewhat hidden spot, once you enter the unmarked wooden doors, the zen and intimate décor will make you feel like you’re no longer in the city.
You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert.
The dishes offered were unique, very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages, sardines with biscuits, large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream (the best and freshest I've ever had).
the hot dogs were juicy and tender inside and had plenty of crunch and snap on the outside.
I have known about this secret for the last 13 years, Emilio(the Godfather) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices.
The food was great and tasty, but the sitting space was too small, I don't like being cramp in a corner.
The seafood is amazing, there's a good wine list, and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises.
Service ok but unfriendly,filthy bathroom.
Taking Hot Dogs to the next level
I had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.
And it all comes at a very reasonable price (congee, noodles, and rice dishes are no more than $3-6 each).
Prices are fair across the board for both food and bev.
For authentic Thai food, look no further than Toons.
The rolls are creative and I have yet to find another sushi place that serves up more inventive yet delicious japanese food.
Great sake!
Hands down the best pizza on the planet.
The service is ok, some of the people didn't get what they asked for.
Going to Bark is always worth the train ride, and will make your tongue and belly very happy!
Great place, great value.
Slightly above average wines start at $70+ with only one selection listed at $30+.
The signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese.
The only thing that my friend left out is that when we sat down at the bar the bartender disappeared.
Over all it was a very nice romantic place .
All in all, the food was great (except for the dessserts).
The sashimi is always fresh and the rolls are innovative and delicious.
And $11 for a plate of bland guacamole?
Went here last night - nice decor, good service, but the food was surprisingly excellent.
The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well.
Our server was very helpful and friendly.
The kitchen however, is almost always slow.
This is an amazing place to try some roti rolls.
The rice to fish ration was also good--they didn't try to overpack the rice.
The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall, which are great for a date.
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals.
Consistently good Japanese Tapas.
I had the Lamb special which was perfect.
The wait staff is very courteous and accomodating.
Only complaint is the pricing--I believe it would be more reasonable to pay a dollar less on each item listed on the menu.
Consequently, their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did'nt feel like finishing them.
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.
Easily the worst stir-fried squid I've ever tasted.
Not sure where the previous reviewer, lonk, dined, but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food!
The wine list is interesting and has many good values.
The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful.
The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced.
My father had the flank steak which was very good, and my mother had the swordfish.
The lava cake dessert was incredible and I recommend it.
We recently decided to try this location, and to our delight, they have outdoor seating, perfect since I had my yorkie with me.
Don't judge this place prima facie, you have to try it to believe it, a home away from home for the literate heart.
The menu looked great, and the waiter was very nice, but when the food came, it was average.
Overall, decent food at a good price, with friendly people.
Still, any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house...
Here the hot dog is elevated to the level of a real entree with numerous variations available.
The lobster sandwich is $24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price.
The filet mignon dish was superb!
My chicken was inedible as there were so many fatty lumps which i had to keep spitting out into my napkin.
I like the somosas, chai, and the chole, but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing.
The meat is fresh, the sauces are great, you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too.
Great friendly service, Fast seating, Fast Delivery, Excellent sushi.
Oh, and there's hookah.
The appetizers we ordered were served quickly - an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion (maybe 3 of each). 
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC.
The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious, if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini.
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary.
Once you step into Cosette, you're miraculously in a small, off-the-beaten path Parisian bistro.
Drawbacks: service is slow and they don't toast!
The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal.
Pizza is terrific, as is homemade pasta.
Excellent food, although the interior could use some help.
The restaurant has a Family feel, not least with regard to the portions which are enormous; the veal alone could have single-handedly solved third world famine.
An awesome organic dog, and a conscious eco friendly establishment.
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong, it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent!!
its just a fun place to go, not a five star restaraunt.
First went here to enjoy their garden terrace.
The waitress moved our table practically into the bathroom and when we asked to cancel our dinner orders because we did not want to eat sitting on the toilet, we were told no...
Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant.
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere.
Great spot, whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner.
Fabulous decor - makes you feel like you're in a trendy Manhattan restaurant, very very good food, cheaply-priced, generally friendly staff, and if you're a Manhattanite, or spend most of your time in Manhattan, Rice Avenue will make you feel at home.....very Soho/Village/Upper West Side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele.....all on Roosevelt Avenue!
However, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.
This place doesn't make any sense
I recommend the jelly fish, drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings, certainly the stir fry blue crab.
The food was authentic.
The drinks are great, especially when made by Raymond.
Warning: You may find it difficult to dine at other Japanese restaurants after a visit to Mizu!
Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went.
In summer-eat outside on a terrace (another great feature of Suan)!!!
I recommend this place to everyone.
While their kitchen food is delicious, their Sushi is out of this world.
The food is decent at best, and the ambience, well, it's a matter of opinion, some may consider it to be a sweet thing, I thought it was just annoying.
I highly recommend the Sophia pizza.
Judging from previous posts this used to be a good place, but not any longer.
I found it on a cold night, the perfect spot to warm up.
I ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive.
Their sake list was extensive, but we were looking for Purple Haze, which wasn't listed but made for us upon request!
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS!
Interesting selection, good wines, service fine, fun decor.
The farro salad and the mashed yukon potatoes were also extremely tasty.
We did tip, I guess the model/waitress just wanted more and complained to the manager.
those rolls were big, but not good and sashimi wasn't fresh.
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile.
There is no way it justifies the accolades it receives, the attitude of the staff or the wait for a table.
Salads were fantastic.
Don't miss Bloom's on your next trip to Manhatten.
The food here does a great service to the name (Cantonese that is...).
The wait here is long for dim sum, but if you don't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig, this is a sleek (for Chinatown) alternative.
Great food, amazing service, this place is a class act.
Delicate spices, onions, eggs and a kick-ass roti.
Be sure to try the seasonal, and always delicious, specials.
Check this place out!
Shame on this place for the horrible rude staff and non-existent customer service.
The DJ is awesome, I have been there for my birthday and a bunch of other times with friends and I keep going back.
Check out the secret back room.
I loved this place!!
I'm not sure where the other reviewers ate but it seems as if we visited two different restaurants because my friends and I all enjoy Mizu very much... and we're repeat customers.
Not a very fancy place but very good Chinese style Indian food.
Service, however, was excellent...and I liked the setting/atmosphere a lot. 
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan.
Get the pepperoni - YUM - and a family style salad.
Food-awesome.
I highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try.
The food is amazing, rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza.
Have recommended the place to friends, always gets good response.
The food was amazing, and the service was prompt and helpful, but not over-bearing or rushed.
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese (gets a little messy).
Excellent food for great prices
Don't waste money on decor.
Everyone raved about the atmosphere (elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views) and the fabulous food!
The staff offers impeccable service.
The characters really make for an enjoyable experience.
The potato balls were not dry at all... in fact it was buttery.
The dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing!
However, our $14 drinks were were horrible!
This place survives on reputation alone.
A coworker and I tried Pacifico after work a few Fridays and loved it.
The cold appetizer dishes taste like the way I remember them to taste when I was growing up in Taiwan.
The boths are not as small as some of the reviews make them out to look they're perfect for 2 people.
The side dishes were passable, and I did get a refill upon request.
Not the typical NYC gimmick theme restaurant.
those rolls were big, but not good and sashimi wasn't fresh.
i happen to have a policy that goes along with a little bit of self-respect, which includes not letting a waiter intimidate me, i.e. make me feel bad asking for trivialities like water, or the check.
Overall the food quality was pretty good, though I hear the salmon is much better when it hasn't sat cooling in front of the guest.
Drinks way over priced.
Not only is it an adventure getting to this somewhat hidden spot, once you enter the unmarked wooden doors, the zen and intimate décor will make you feel like you’re no longer in the city.
Over the years the host, Vittorio, and his crew, have always treated me as family--although with all the business this not-so-little gem does, it amazing he's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor.
Maggot in the food!
So what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food.
I picked the Grilled Black Cod as my entree, which I absolutely devoured while someone commented that the Grilled Salmon dish was better.
The sashimi is always fresh and the rolls are innovative and delicious.
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a  restaurant, the food.
The view is breathtaking the service is top notch... the ambiance is wonderfull.
If it seemed possible to do so while there I would have fought my bill since my dinner portion of my meal was inedible!
Fresh ingredients and everything is made to order.
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better!
Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi, which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
overpriced japanese food with mediocre service
I book a gorgeous white organza tent which included a four course prix fix menu which we enjoyed a lot.
Decent wine at reasonable prices.
The food is great and reasonably priced.
Dokebi gives Williamsburg the right one-two punch of classic Korean food and fusion twists like pork belly tacos.
The whole set up is truly unprofessional and I wish Cafe Noir would get some good staff, because despite the current one this is a great place.
and yes Dal Bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs.
Service was good and food is wonderful.
Food was just average...if they lowered the prices just a bit, it would be a bigger draw.
My husband said he could've eaten several more, the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had.
Worth visiting the 1st Ave spot because it is the original store.
Helpful service and average price per dish $10.
Bagels are ok, but be sure not to make any special requests!
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare, the dishes are never a disappointment.
amazing fun for hot dog lovers of all ages PLEASE do yourself a favor and check this place out!!!!
I'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food.
Sauce was watery and the food didn't have much flavor.
The svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group, but overall the restaurant is a must!
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious.
Each time we've been, the front of house staff (not the waiters - they're fantastic - but the people who greet and seat you) has been so hideous to us that were it not for the exceptional fish dishes I would never return. 
We, there were four of us, arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude.
The sake menu should not be overlooked!
Also, specify if you like your food spicy- its rather bland if you don't.
I had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll.
I recently tried Suan and I thought that it was great.
Favorite Sushi in NYC
The waiter was attentive, the food was delicious and the views of the city were great.
The place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening.
First of all, this place is *not* romantic, as claimed by Citysearch's editorial review.
Please take my advice, go and try this place.
Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey.
However, once I received my predictably mediocre order of what Dokebi thinks passes as Korean fair, (sometimes you have to settle when it's your only option), I got through about half my kimchee before I found a piece of random lettuce accompanied by a far more disgusting, slimy, clearly bad piece of fish skin.
It is quite a spectacular scene i'll give them that.
Went on a 3 day oyster binge, with Fish bringing up the closing, and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended, because it was so great!
Love the scene first off- the place has a character and nice light to it..very fortunate, location wise.
Cute place, nice wait staff but would never go there again.
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.
The only thing that strikes you is the decor?(not very pleasant).
Do not get the Go Go Hamburgers, no matter what the reviews say.
If you venture off the island of Manhattan and can't seem to find a great Italian restaurant, drive to Corona.
We all agreed that mare is one of the best seafood restaurants in New York.
Our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant.
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.
They have authentic Indian at amazin prices.
However, I think this place is a good hang out spot.
My wife had barely touched that mess of a dish.
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can.
The wine list is extensive and impressive.
This dish is my favorite and I always get it when I go there and never get tired of it.
Also, waiters try to push more food on you, like suggest things as if they are complimentary when they actually cost $.
Here the hot dog is elevated to the level of a real entree with numerous variations available.
How is this palce still open?
Food is great and inexpensive.
Its location is good and the fact that Hutner College is near and their prices are very reasonable, makes students go back to Suan again and again.
it's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food.
Also, the sandwiches (nearing $7) didn't come with anything like chips or a side.
Most of the servers are very attentive, friendly and quite attractive.
This restaurant is VEGETARIAN; there are NO MEAT dishes whatsoever.
Great pizza for lunch place.
Though it's been crowded most times I've gone here, Bark always delivers on their food.
Although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.
The bread was stale, the salad was overpriced and empty.
The food is flavorful, plentiful and reasonably priced.
Despite a slightly limited menu, everything prepared is done to perfection, ultra fresh and a work of food art.
The menu is fairly simple without much descriptions. 
The service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.
The lunch buffet is expensive but is deff worth it.
The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes.
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food.
I've also been amazed at all the new additions in the past few years: A new Jazz Bar, the most fantastic Dining Garden, the Best Thin Crust Pizzas, and now a Lasagna Menu which is to die for (these are not your average lasagnas)!
The Steak Tartare is a great bet, they fix it for you at the table.
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon, Sea Bass and Crispy Duck.
The menu looked great, and the waiter was very nice, but when the food came, it was average.
The wife had the risotto which was amazing.
The baked clams octopus we shared as appetizers were the best we've ever had!! 
The dishes offered were unique, very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages, sardines with biscuits, large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream (the best and freshest I've ever had).
Saul is the best restaurant on Smith Street and in Brooklyn.
Leon is an East Village gem: casual but hip, with well prepared basic French bistro fare, good specials, a warm and lively atmosphere.
Great friendly service, Fast seating, Fast Delivery, Excellent sushi.
Big Wong is a great place to eat and fill your stomach.
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree.
I am not a vegetarian but, almost all the dishes were great.
They have great rolls, the triple color and norwegetan rolls, are awesome and filling.
The chicken lollipop is my favorite, most of the dishes (I have to agree with a previous reviewer) are quite oily and very spicy, espeically the Chilli Chicken.
The place is a BISTRO which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.
Overall, excellent restaurant!
Zero ambiance to boot.
Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $10.
The food was excellent as well as service, however, I left The Four Seasons very dissappointed.
The first time the sushi was outstanding, the second time it was a little bland.
Try the sea bass.
For the people who want great food plus great service, Roxy is a place to AVOID!
We have been to this place many times, and always have great food, wine, and service.
Best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town!
Food was amazing - I love Indian food and eat it quite regularly, but I can say this is one of the best I've had.
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great.
Best Taiwanese food in NY!
I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna.
Best. Sushi. Ever.
An excellent service
My friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better.
Leon is an East Village gem: casual but hip, with well prepared basic French bistro fare, good specials, a warm and lively atmosphere.
i love margherita pizza – i looove east village pizza
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can.
Watch the talented belly dancers as you enjoy delicious baba ganoush that's more lemony than smoky.
Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service, which was boarderline rude.
Sushi experience was unbelievable with my fiance.
Other guests enjoyed pizza, santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips.
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.
Dessert: pure disaster.
Mussles and calamari were superb Saturday evening.
service is friendly, and never had a problem walking in and getting a table.
Just go to Yamato and order the Red Dragon Roll.
Seating is always prompt, though the restaurant does fill up in the evening.
The decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the East Village - not romantic, just simple, small and sparse.
Personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights.
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service.
Service was very prompt but slightly rushed.
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service.
The pastas are incredible, the risottos (particularly the sepia) are fantastic and the braised rabbit is amazing.
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room.
We had half/half pizza, mine was eggplant and my friend had the buffalo and it was sooo huge for a small size pizza!
Everything was wonderful; food, drinks, staff, mileau.
The food is great and the environment is even better.
We started off with a delightful sashimi amuse bouche.
The sushi is amazing!!! 
Poor service and management
Despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go-to for modern Japanese food for the foreseeable future.
This quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my Manhattan restaurant list.
A weakness is the chicken in the salads.
I'll being with a couple of positives: cool decor, good pita and hummus, and grilled octopus that was actually pretty tasty.
A restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.
Try their chef's specials-- they are to die for.
Delivery is fast too.
The tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent.
The veal was incredible last night.
This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money.
The staff was accomodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order.
When we sat, we got great and fast service.
I would not expect this for a $55 dinner.
But nonetheless--great spot, great food.
The lobster knuckles (special of the day) were ok, but pretty tasteless.
Calling the place Hampton Chutney Co. does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance, but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too.
The pizza is overpriced and soggy.
The chicken lollipop is my favorite, most of the dishes (I have to agree with a previous reviewer) are quite oily and very spicy, espeically the Chilli Chicken.
The food is great and reasonably priced.
This is a nice pizza place with good selection of thin crust pizza including the Basil slice.
Make sure you try this place as often as you can.
The hot dogs are good, yes, but the reason to get over here is the fantastic pork croquette sandwich, perfect on its supermarket squishy bun.
However, go for the ambience, and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world!
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better!
Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant.
Service is fast and friendly.
Yes, they use fancy ingredients, but even fancy ingredients don't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right.
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.
The service was the only thing good about this restaurant.
It's a nice place to relax and have conversation.
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.
I highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night.
The dishes offered were unique, very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages, sardines with biscuits, large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream (the best and freshest I've ever had).
Service is average.
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal!
It's boring on the inside, and our sushi was pretty below average... the tuna was soggy and the other rolls had no flavor.
I almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and I would hate for it too become to crowded.
The price is reasonable although the service is poor.
Avoid this place!
The pizza was delivered cold and the cheese wasn't even fully melted!
Very immature bartender, didnt know how to make specific drinks, service was so slowwwww, the food was not fresh or warm, waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and werent very attentive to all the customers.
stick with the chicken, beef, and lamb dishes.
The decor however seems to be the distraction so you won't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 FRICKIN HOURS TO COME!!!!
The place has a nice fit-out, some attractive furnishings and, from what I could tell, a reasonable wine list (I was given the food menu when I asked for the carte des vins)
The food is yummy, especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries.
The food and service were fine, however the maitre-D was incredibly unwelcoming and arrogant.
What a great place!
Also, I personally wasn't a fan of the portobello and asparagus mole.
the food is decent.
The hot dogs are good, yes, but the reason to get over here is the fantastic pork croquette sandwich, perfect on its supermarket squishy bun.
The lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with Scallops and Shrimp is great.
I showed it to the manager, and he smilingly apologized and brought us two free desserts (but did not ask us what we wanted and so brought the last two desserts we would have asked for).
I have never been so disgusted by both food an service.
Prices are fair across the board for both food and bev.
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic.
Moules were excellent, lobster ravioli was VERY salty!
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room.
This place blew me away...by far my new favorite restaurant on the uppereast side.
This restaurant was way overhyped.
I really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi (on saffron risotto-yum!).
Atmosphere is nice and relaxed too...
I really liked this place.
I have been to Roth's twice and both times were very disappointing.
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time.
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends, having lunch, dinner, pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks!
Ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me.
But after last night, Spice Grill is the only place I'm eating indian cuisine.
The omlette for brunch is great...
I have to say I have never had a disapointing meal here.
I got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries.
The food was well prepared and the service impecable.
The atmosphere was great.
Simply some good tasting Chinese food at incredible prices...
Pizza is terrific, as is homemade pasta.
My fav was the sassy lassi...
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare, the dishes are never a disappointment.
Just because it's cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty, IT IS GREAT!
If you don't mind pre-sliced low quality fish, unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place.
I can't remember the last time I had such gross food in New York.
If you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained, this is a great place to go and eat.
The food however, is what one might expect.
The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices.
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance.
There is something about their atmosphere that makes me come back nearly every week.
I highly recommend this beautiful place.
The food and service were fine, however the maitre-D was incredibly unwelcoming and arrogant.
If we were to move from the upper east side, we would genuinely miss this restaurant.
The lobster sandwich is $24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price.
The food is great and the environment is even better.
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance.
The wait staff is very freindly, they make it feel like you're eating in a freindly little european town.
The pasta penne was pretty extra buttery, creamy which means a big task to diggest.. tasty at first but i would say that i was full with a slice of pizza and 7 to count, penne...got a little moody afterwards cause was stuffed...lol
Our food was great too!
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter.
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area.
Had an awful experience at Casa la Femme on a Saturday dinner.
Love the scene first off- the place has a character and nice light to it..very fortunate, location wise.
Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you.
Try the Pad Thai, or sample anything on the appetizer menu...they're all delicious.
Nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.
Don’t go to this place!
If you’re planning to come here, make sure that your date is someone whom you really like since you’ll be ushered to private booths where there will be no people or food watching (choose the ones on the ground level that have glass ceilings so you may see the stars in the sky!).
The bagels always warm, soft on the inside, crispy on the outside and enormous in size.
The veal and the mushrooms were cooked perfectly.
This is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates.
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal.
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that.
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that  I could barely eat it, and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish.
I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee (rice porridge).
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh, a delicious and sweet tasting bread.
The service was spectacular as the waiter knew everything about the menu and his recommendations were amazing!
And really large portions.
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap, frozen, shredded cheese common to most pizzaria's.
I have known about this secret for the last 13 years, Emilio(the Godfather) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices.
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm.
The food is great.
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time.
Great Indian food and the service is incredible.
There is no excuse for such lousy service!
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.
The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome, great appetizer to share!
Food was just average...if they lowered the prices just a bit, it would be a bigger draw.
They are extremely rude, not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $500 for some drinks adn their pita bread!
Most of the booths allow you to sit next to eachother without looking like 'that' couple.
My boyfriend had the New England Chowder it was good but I think the award should go to the Lobster Bisque.
I've also been amazed at all the new additions in the past few years: A new Jazz Bar, the most fantastic Dining Garden, the Best Thin Crust Pizzas, and now a Lasagna Menu which is to die for (these are not your average lasagnas)!
The food was very good, a great deal, and the place its self was great.
I was looking for banana tempura for dessert and they dont have.
The jukebox plays everything from Italian Opera to The Strokes.
The pizza was pretty good and huge.
The exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations.
The pasta was well cooked, didn't have enough sauce though or flavor.
The setting is casual and romantic.
Yakitori (bbq meats) is tasty too.
The hot dogs are top notch, and they're Slamwich is amazing!
Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
We ordered the chicken casserole, but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken, all dark meat and on the bone.
Mazing interior.
The best pad thai i've ever had.
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors.
cirspy crust margherita pizza
Try the crunchy tuna, it is to die for.
My husband and I thougt it would be great to go to the Jekyll and Hyde Pub for our anniversary, and to our surprise it was fantastic.
The Four Seasons restaurant is a great experience.
Rao's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC.
Whether it's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar, you will surely be transported to Northern Italy with one bite.
Not sure where the previous reviewer, lonk, dined, but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food!
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category.
If you’re planning to come here, make sure that your date is someone whom you really like since you’ll be ushered to private booths where there will be no people or food watching (choose the ones on the ground level that have glass ceilings so you may see the stars in the sky!).
I fell in love with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of BBQ roast pork.
The food they serve is not comforting, not appetizing and uncooked.
The service is awful.
The food is very average...the Thai fusion stuff is a bit too sweet, every thing they serve is too sweet here.
During the course of the past 3 months, the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better.
The place has a nice fit-out, some attractive furnishings and, from what I could tell, a reasonable wine list (I was given the food menu when I asked for the carte des vins)
I got the $10 10-piece dim sum combo, every bite of which was great.
Tasty Dog!
Service was also very good.
Have the iced tea.
Not only is the cuisine the best around, the service has always been attentive and charming.
Bukhara is on my top 5 Indian places in NYC
You can't go wrong with this place.
I did not try the caviar but I tried their salmon and crab salad (they are all good)  
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat.
Vanison was good but not amazing.
The only thing the waiters don't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave.
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time.
Dessert is a joke...dont bother
Have never had a problem with service save a missing rice once.
If you don't mind pre-sliced low quality fish, unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place.
Whenever you need a Sushi fix, Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service.
A few tips: skip the turnip cake, roast pork buns and egg custards.
During the course of the past 3 months, the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better.
$6 and there is much tasty food, all of it fresh and continually refilled.
The design and atmosphere is just as good.
but the service was a bit slow.
Fabulous food - if the front of house staff don't put you off – 
This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money.
Never have I had such dramatic delivery guys (a lot of huffing and panting and muttering under breath b/c I live in a walkup) who always seem disappointed with their tips.
My party had the BBE $29 fixe prix menu, which was such a wonderful deal since it also came with a flight of sake!
Wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well!
Chow fun was dry; pork shu mai was more than usually greasy and had to share a table with loud and rude family. 
When we inquired about ports - the waitress listed off several but did not know taste variations or cost.
Thius is a must for anyone who loves Shabu-Shabu.
The mussels were fantastic and so was the dessert...definitely going to be back very soon.
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough (both in quantity AND quality).
The food is flavorful, plentiful and reasonably priced.
The restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
The place is a bit hidden away, but once you get there, it's all worth it.
The food was delicious (I had a halibut special, my husband had steak), and the service was top-notch.
Service was just ok, it is not what you'd expect for $500.
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best, freshly baked bread!
Amazing food.
A cool bar with great food, and tons of excellent beer.
The food was very good, a great deal, and the place its self was great.
The meat is fresh, the sauces are great, you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too.
quacamole at pacifico is yummy, as are the wings with chimmichuri.
I book a gorgeous white organza tent which included a four course prix fix menu which we enjoyed a lot.
Nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.
The restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty.
The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced.
My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it.
But $500 for a dinner for two that didn't include Wine?
I'll being with a couple of positives: cool decor, good pita and hummus, and grilled octopus that was actually pretty tasty.
To be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora.
A different server enhanced the fun, dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer (which was delicious).
We ordered the special, grilled branzino, that was so infused with bone, it was difficult to eat.
Very "normal Indian food", but done really well.
I tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin, which was heavenly at sushi rose.
My daughter's wedding reception at Water's Edge received the highest compliments from our guests.
The food here was mediocre at best. 
Over all the looks of the place exceeds the actual meals.
Great pizza and fantastic service.
Just because it's cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty, IT IS GREAT!
The entree was bland and small, dessert was not inspired.
If you are going for the food, it will not be worth it.
Great pizza and fantastic service.
I have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price (just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $25), which I would expect at a upscale Indian restaurant but this place doesn't have an upscale feel.
Gross food – Wow-
The food was average to above-average; the French Onion soup filling yet not overly impressive, and the desserts not brilliant in any way.
Mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta (raddichio was kind of bitter though).
sometimes i get good food and ok service.
The tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.
Not because you are "The Four Seasons"... – you are allowed to charge an arm and a leg for a romatic dinner.
The blond wood decor is very soothing, the premium sake is excellent and the service is great.
Awsome Pizza especially the Margheritta slice.
amazing fun for hot dog lovers of all ages PLEASE do yourself a favor and check this place out!!!!
The first time the sushi was outstanding, the second time it was a little bland.
The large selection of bruschettas, paninis, tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating.
I've lived in NY for 5 years and this place has it all.
Wasn't going to share but I feel obligated...while sitting at the sushi bar dining we watched the chef accidentally drop a piece of Unagi on the floor and upon retrieving it from the floor proceed to use the piece in the delivery order he was preparing.
The food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach.
Not what I would expect for the price and prestige of this location.
I wish I could like this place more, and I wish someone would retrain the staff.
Have frequented 'ino for several years and the food remains excellent.
I had the Thai style Fried Sea Bass...which was very good. 
My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it.
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.
Guacamole+shrimp appetizer was really great, we both had the filet, very good, didn't much like the frites that came with, but the filet was so good, neither of us cared.
My friends settled for rice dishes, but we came back the following day to try the dim sum, which was good...not outstanding, but good.
What really makes it shine is the food, which is aggressively seasoned with Cyrpriot spices, and all made in-house (even the gyro meat and sausages), and made of much higher quality ingredients that might otherwise be expected.
Considering we were the last patrons there and it was after the closing time, the waitstaff did not rush us at all and made us feel comfortable and relaxed.
I would never recommend this place to anybody even for a casual dinner.
I recommend the jelly fish, drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings, certainly the stir fry blue crab.
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary.
My son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge!
Maybe it was the great company (I had friends visiting from Philly – yes, it was not a date this time) or the super reasonable price point, but I just can’t say enough good things about this brasserie.
Great place, great value.
The tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.
Everyone raved about the atmosphere (elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views) and the fabulous food!
The food was average to above-average; the French Onion soup filling yet not overly impressive, and the desserts not brilliant in any way.
Great sushi experience.
Every time in New York I make it a point to visit Restaurant Saul on Smith Street.
We even had a visit from the Manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves.
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent.
Everything was going good until we got our meals.
Service is not exactly five star, but thats not really a big deal.
The appetizers we ordered were served quickly - an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion (maybe 3 of each). 
Love YUKA.
I have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price (just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $25), which I would expect at a upscale Indian restaurant but this place doesn't have an upscale feel.
The bibimbap was average, but the stone bowl wasn't even close to sizzling.
The dosas are skimpy, unattractive and drip with grease, and personally I'd drink popcorn topping before I'd eat another one of these.
I stumbled upon this great pizzeria as I explored my new neighborhood.
Love Pizza 33..
The bagels always warm, soft on the inside, crispy on the outside and enormous in size.
Furthermore, the rice had no seasoning, so the sushi was bland and disgusting.
I'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service.
The wine list is interesting and has many good values.
The decor is very simple but comfortable.
But nonetheless--great spot, great food.
The food was not fresh, the sauces were bland and very oily.
I took one bite from the $24 salmon, and I have never, in the 17 years I have been going to restaurants tasted salmon as fishy, as dry, and as bland as the one in Flatbush Farms.
So what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food.
It is definitely a good spot for snacks and chat.
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area.
The Dancing, White River and Millenium rolls are musts.
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area.
Everyone seemed generally happy with their food, except my brother who had the grilled Mahi Mahi, seemingly drenched in Grapfruit Juice! 
The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices.
This place has the best Chinese style BBQ ribs in the city.
Furthermore, the rice had no seasoning, so the sushi was bland and disgusting.
The food is outstanding and the service is quick, friendly and very professional.
Delicate spices, onions, eggs and a kick-ass roti.
Decor is nice though service can be spotty.
Good food: my favorite is the seafood spaghetti.
The service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.
Whenever you need a Sushi fix, Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service.
The food's as good as ever.
I LOOOVE their eggplant pizza, as well as their pastas!
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy, service was great and the food was excellent!
The food was very good, a great deal, and the place its self was great.
Sometimes tables don't understand his sense of humor but it's refreshing to have a server who has personality, professionalism, and respects the privacy of your dinner.
The dosas are skimpy, unattractive and drip with grease, and personally I'd drink popcorn topping before I'd eat another one of these.
To be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora.
Kind, attentive wait staff.
This place is always packed.
$6 and there is much tasty food, all of it fresh and continually refilled.
Good Food
I choose to go with one of the special, the braised lamb shank in red wine, which was excellent.
My wife and I always enjoy the young, not always well trained but nevertheless friendly, staff, all of whom have a story.
What really makes it shine is the food, which is aggressively seasoned with Cyrpriot spices, and all made in-house (even the gyro meat and sausages), and made of much higher quality ingredients that might otherwise be expected.
It was totally overpriced- fish and chips was about $15.... 
I also ordered the Change Mojito, which was out of this world.
The mussles were the fishiest things I've ever tasted, the seabass was bland, the goat cheese salad was missing the goat cheese, the penne w/ chicken had bones in it... It was disgusting.
Kind of a small place but I guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids.
Not impressed with the food.
Good spreads, great beverage selections and bagels really tasty.
However, go for the ambience, and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world!
Great spot, whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner.
I thought the restaurant was nice and clean.
The wine list was extensive - though the staff did not seem knowledgeable about wine pairings.
I cannot imagine better Indian food in all of the city.
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard.
Their bagels are fine, but they are a little overcooked, and not really a 'special' bagel experience.
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.
You would think they would make up for it with service, sadly, no.
Traditional French decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation.
The food was not fresh, the sauces were bland and very oily.
What really makes it shine is the food, which is aggressively seasoned with Cyrpriot spices, and all made in-house (even the gyro meat and sausages), and made of much higher quality ingredients that might otherwise be expected.
The buffet had a nice selection.
The view is breathtaking the service is top notch... the ambiance is wonderfull.
Considering you will spend at least $60 a head, I expect better service. 
We ordered the chicken casserole, but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken, all dark meat and on the bone.
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you, but the food doesn't quite match up.
Excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.
Have eaten at Ginger House several times, and it's always good.
limited menu, no-so-fresh ingredients, thinly-sliced fish, fall-apart rice. 
The waiter was attentive, the food was delicious and the views of the city were great.
Service ok but unfriendly,filthy bathroom.
the only things u could really taste are the very salty soy sauce (even its low sodium), the vinegar-soaked rice, and the scallion on top of the fish. 
Patsy's Pizza = true love
The food was delicious (I had a halibut special, my husband had steak), and the service was top-notch.
not only is the food
The pastas are incredible, the risottos (particularly the sepia) are fantastic and the braised rabbit is amazing.
And evaluated on those terms Pastis is simply wonderful.
The food is good, especially their more basic dishes, and the drinks are delicious.
By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant.
Regardless, we'll be back and can't wait to visit in the summer to take advantage of the patio.
Warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months.
the crust was imazingly cooked well and pizza was fully loaded:):):)
limited menu, no-so-fresh ingredients, thinly-sliced fish, fall-apart rice. 
Great service, great food.
Small servings for main entree, i had salmon (wasnt impressed) girlfriend had chicken, it was good.
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless, so was the seafood tagliatelle.
Everything was wonderful; food, drinks, staff, mileau.
The place is a bit hidden away, but once you get there, it's all worth it.
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner?
In any event, this is a place I'll be sure to stop by again when I'm in this part of town.
Food is usually very good, though ocasionally I wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders.
Rude service, medicore food...there are tons of restaurants in NY...stay away from this one
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh.
I came across Village Underground by accident, now I go there all the time.
Decor needs to be upgraded but the food is amazing!
A few tips: skip the turnip cake, roast pork buns and egg custards.
I ordered the vitello alla marsala and I was pretty impressed.
I paid just about $60 for a good meal, though :)
Great food, great decor, great service.
Cool atmosphere, the fire place in the back really ads to it but needs a bit more heat throughout on a cold night.
Service is not what you are coming here for...
I was visiting New York City with a friend and we discovered this really warm and inviting restaurant.
The lamb was tender so full of flavor, the dessert was divine!!
Rather than preparing vegetarian dish, the chef presented me with a plate of steamed vegetables (minus sauce, seasoning, or any form or aesthetic presentation).
Over the years the host, Vittorio, and his crew, have always treated me as family--although with all the business this not-so-little gem does, it amazing he's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor.
Definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date.
If I could give 0 stars I would do so for this place.
The portion sizes here are huge, and the sushi is good.
Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey.
This tiny restaurant is as cozy as it gets, with that certain Parisian flair.
This place is pricey, and yes, the food is worth it; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price.
But that wasn't the icing on the cake: a tiramisu that resembled nothing I have ever had.
if you're daring, try the balsamic vinegar over icecream, it's wonderful!
You can get a completely delish martini in a glass (that's about 2 1/2 drinks) for $8.50 (I recommend the Vanilla Shanty, mmmm!) in a great homey setting with great music.
In the summer months, the back garden area is really nice.
Decor needs to be upgraded but the food is amazing!
Too bad I had paid an extra $2 for the stone bowl.
Not one of our meals was edible - bland and/or made with weird rosemary or orange flavoring.
I have to highly recommend the lobster roll - not to much mayo; you can tell it was a fresh lobster.
I tried a couple other dishes but wasn't too impressed.
Not a very fancy place but very good Chinese style Indian food.
Enjoyed a very nice Caesar Salad while my wife had arugula and goat cheese....both very tasty.
All in all, I would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but I hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future.
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back.
The pizza was delivered cold and the cheese wasn't even fully melted!
Excellent sashimi, and the millennium roll is beyond delicious.
We have gone for dinner only a few times but the same great quality and service is given.
This is the kind of place you'd like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret.
However, once I received my predictably mediocre order of what Dokebi thinks passes as Korean fair, (sometimes you have to settle when it's your only option), I got through about half my kimchee before I found a piece of random lettuce accompanied by a far more disgusting, slimy, clearly bad piece of fish skin.
We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu.
The sushi was awful!
The place is a BISTRO which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.
The food is decent at best, and the ambience, well, it's a matter of opinion, some may consider it to be a sweet thing, I thought it was just annoying.
The rolls are creative and I have yet to find another sushi place that serves up more inventive yet delicious japanese food.
The first time I went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad.
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy, service was great and the food was excellent!
Lucky Strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat.
The service was extremely fast and attentive(thanks to the service button on your table) but I barely understood 1 word when the waiter took our order.
Looking around, I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant, not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen.
You can get a completely delish martini in a glass (that's about 2 1/2 drinks) for $8.50 (I recommend the Vanilla Shanty, mmmm!) in a great homey setting with great music.
Their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for.
I had the best ravioli ever.
Unique apppetizers.
The view is spectacular, and the food is great.
A beautifully designed dreamy Egyptian restaurant that gets sceney at night.
Downtown Dinner 2002 - Prixe fix: Appetizers were ok, waiter gave me poor suggestion..try the potato stuff kanish best one.
The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates.
however, it's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth.
THE SERVICE IS AMAZING, i've had different waiters and they were all nice, which is a rare thing in NYC.
The food is authentic Italian - delicious!
Baluchi's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices.
This place is pricey, and yes, the food is worth it; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price.
also it's great to have dinner in a very romantic and confortable place, the service it's just perfect...they're so frendly that we never want to live the place!
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I've had at this price range.
The food was excellent as well as service, however, I left The Four Seasons very dissappointed.
My party had the BBE $29 fixe prix menu, which was such a wonderful deal since it also came with a flight of sake!
This place is the most Japanese it can ever get.
We were 4 and got the family size penne a la vodka which was tremendously gigantic portion...a bucket of food literally.
Downtown Dinner 2002 - Prixe fix: Appetizers were ok, waiter gave me poor suggestion..try the potato stuff kanish best one.
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun (dessert) recommended by the waiter.
Also, the sandwiches (nearing $7) didn't come with anything like chips or a side.
THe perfect spot.
The food is amazing... especially if you get the Chef's tasting menu and your favourite bottle (or two!) of wine from an extensive selection of wines.
Myagi is one of my favorite restaurants in the City; the place the negative reviews describe sound like they were somewhere else.
Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $10.
I was there for brunch recently, and we were tag teamed by a waitress and a waiter.
Food was very good as well, considering that we tried the budget selection (though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer, so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience).
Ess-A-Bagel (either by Sty-town or midtown) is by far the best bagel in NY.
The place is a lot of fun.
Very immature bartender, didnt know how to make specific drinks, service was so slowwwww, the food was not fresh or warm, waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and werent very attentive to all the customers.
We have been to this place many times, and always have great food, wine, and service.
Get the pepperoni - YUM - and a family style salad.
I got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries.
I have NEVER been disappointed in the Red Eye.
They have authentic Indian at amazin prices.
Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey.
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona, the cheeseburger huge and delictable, and the service professional wan warm.
The design of the space is good.
The chicken lollipop is my favorite, most of the dishes (I have to agree with a previous reviewer) are quite oily and very spicy, espeically the Chilli Chicken.
The sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day.
We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods.
They are extremely rude, not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $500 for some drinks adn their pita bread!
Just straight up cheap, good food.
The service was attentive, yet discreet.
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food.
My boyfriend had Prime Rib it was good .
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away.
We had the lobster sandwich and it was FANTASTIC.
Be sure not to get anything other than bagels!..
The sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned.
The atmosphere was pretty nice but had a bit lacking, which it tries to make up for with a crazy scheme of mirrors.
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing.
Quick and friendly service.
You can get a completely delish martini in a glass (that's about 2 1/2 drinks) for $8.50 (I recommend the Vanilla Shanty, mmmm!) in a great homey setting with great music.
I have known about this secret for the last 13 years, Emilio(the Godfather) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices.
stick with the chicken, beef, and lamb dishes.
An unpretentious spot in Park Slope, the sushi is consistently good, the service is pleasant, effective and unassuming.
Service not the friendliest to our "large party"! 
$6 and there is much tasty food, all of it fresh and continually refilled.
I will go back to Suan soon!
A cool bar with great food, and tons of excellent beer.
An unpretentious spot in Park Slope, the sushi is consistently good, the service is pleasant, effective and unassuming.
Small servings for main entree, i had salmon (wasnt impressed) girlfriend had chicken, it was good.
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal!
Oh, and I never write reviews--I just was so moved by how bad this place was, I felt it was my duty to spread the word.
Price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit.
I paid just about $60 for a good meal, though :)
I got hair in my food 2 times of then !
Not much of a selection of bottled beer either, we went with Brahma. 
for 7 years they have put out the most tasty, most delicious food and kept it that way...
The ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.
I highly recommend this beautiful place.
Great staff.
Restaurant with a view
It is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with Japanese cuisine.
This is the first place I've been that a runner remembers my order... hope he likes his job because I have half a mind to steal him for my restaurant.
Tiny dessert was $8.00...just plain overpriced for what it is.
The restaurant has a Family feel, not least with regard to the portions which are enormous; the veal alone could have single-handedly solved third world famine.
The farro salad and the mashed yukon potatoes were also extremely tasty.
Service was good and food is wonderful.
Paul, the maitre d', was totally professional and always on top of things.
The food was good, the place was clean and affordable.
Baluchi's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices.
I have worked in restaurants and cook a lot, and there is no way a maggot should be able to get into well prepared food.
With so many good restaurants on the UWS, I don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.
The tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.
The large selection of bruschettas, paninis, tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating.
I will be out with friends and all of a sudden I am hungry and I only crave one thing... their Pizza.
The service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.
Don't get me started on the margaritas, either.
This is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money.
the all-u-can-eat sushi is definitely in very poor quality.
The counter service is bad.
The food was average to above-average; the French Onion soup filling yet not overly impressive, and the desserts not brilliant in any way.
I'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service.
All in all the food was good - a little on the expensive side, but fresh. 
For a restaurant with such a good reputation and that is usually so packed, there was no reason for such a lack of intelligent customer service.
This is the best sushi in new york city - hands down.
The food is amazing... especially if you get the Chef's tasting menu and your favourite bottle (or two!) of wine from an extensive selection of wines.
As BFC doesn't take reservations you almost always have to wait by the bar - and be abused by the front of house staff until you are seated, which can be over an hour later!
The food is very average...the Thai fusion stuff is a bit too sweet, every thing they serve is too sweet here.
While finishing our meals which included a high-end bottle of wine, our son's fiance joined us for a glass of wine and dessert.
The dishes offered were unique, very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages, sardines with biscuits, large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream (the best and freshest I've ever had).
My wife and I ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food.
I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri.
love the food.
Don't dine at Tamarind for the vegetarian dishes, they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections.
They have a delicious banana chocolate dessert, as well as a great green tea tempura.
This is the MOST wonderful restaurant in all of New York City, not just Brooklyn...
The staff was accomodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.
I like the somosas, chai, and the chole, but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing.
it was really good pizza.
The service was quick and friendly.
Great food, great decor, great service.
LLOOVVE THIS PLACE.
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great.
The mussles were the fishiest things I've ever tasted, the seabass was bland, the goat cheese salad was missing the goat cheese, the penne w/ chicken had bones in it... It was disgusting.
To sum it up: Service varies from good to mediorce, depending on which waiter you get; generally it is just average Ok. 
It's boring on the inside, and our sushi was pretty below average... the tuna was soggy and the other rolls had no flavor.
great toppings definitely a place you need to check out for late night munchies or a mid day boost!
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you'll love it here.
Very good wine choices.
Everything was wonderful; food, drinks, staff, mileau.
This place has got to be the best japanese restaurant in the new york area.
I can't wait for summer, when they serve outside on their gigantic patio.
Terrible, terrible management - deserves to be shut-down.
Best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast.
LOVE the atmosphere - felt like I was in Paris.
We were worried we would have trouble getting in, but somehow managed to have a short wait.
The food is good.
The bread we received was horrible - rock hard and cold - and the "free" appetizer of olives was disappointing.
I went there for lunch and it was not as good as I expected from the reviews I read.
Bison was quite excellent however.
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai.
One of us actually liked the expresso - that's it.
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out.
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices.
Nice Family owned traditional restaurant.
The first time I went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad.
